[Music]
what will happen to you if you start
eating almonds every day it's been
proven that regular consumption of seeds
and nuts including almonds is incredibly
good for your health and appearance but
can they actually transform our body and
if so exactly what positive changes will
you see well keep on watching to find
out but before we start don't forget to
subscribe to our Channel and hit that
little notification bell so that you
won't miss any of our new videos alright
let's start with almonds basically
they're always a good choice when it
comes to keeping a healthy diet
countless studies have shown that these
nuts not only normalize lipid levels in
the blood they also reduce the risk of
developing cardiovascular disease in
patients with diabetes almonds are a
true miracle for helping you lose weight
as well since they lower the level of
fat in the body and because they're an
alternative to animal protein they give
you that same sense of being full which
means that you won't constantly overeat
experts recommend eating just 20 almonds
a day to get all these awesome health
benefits the best way to do it is to
snack on them in between meals remember
though that rome wasn't built in a day
so your desired results won't come right
away be patient and soon enough you'll
see and feel your overall health
improving guaranteed but our almonds
your only option when it comes to taking
care of yourself and looking great while
you do it
of course not other nuts and seeds can
do just as great of a job and depending
on your personal needs some provide even
better results so let's see what your
other healthy snack options are flax
seeds
[Music]
scientists at the National Dairy
Research Institute have proven that flax
seeds are great for your health because
their chemical composition basically
multitasks at improving all kinds of
modely systems at once the magic is in
the natural hormones called
phytoestrogens found in flax seeds they
effectively fight off malignant tumors
especially breast and prostate cancer
the fiber in these seeds coats the
stomach and prevents inflammation but
that's still not all 1 tablespoon of
mashed flax seeds contains nearly 2
grams of omega-3 fatty acids which keep
your cardiovascular system in tip-top
shape with all that good stuff who
wouldn't want to include more flax seeds
in their diet sesame seeds according to
researchers at Australia's Griffith
University the chemical composition of
sesame seeds decreases blood pressure
effectively preventing stroke heart
attack and kidney failure even more
amazingly these seeds contain a ton of
special antioxidants that significantly
reduce high cholesterol and can't be
found in most other products the cherry
on top is the high amount of oils in
them that improve the condition of your
skin hair and nails so with the help of
sesame seeds you'll be feeling and
looking good pumpkin seeds pumpkin seeds
contain a huge amount of argan eyes
which helps dilate the blood vessels
thus improving circulation and
preventing hypertension and although
these seeds really do have a ton of
calories they also contain lots of
protein which balances everything out
and normalizes blood sugar levels when
it gets absorbed by the body
they're also rich in vitamins A and E
which are essential for maintaining skin
elasticity
this explains why pumpkin seeds are one
of the most effective secret weapons the
cosmetic industry has
walnuts researchers at Latrobe
University in Australia have found that
the minerals contained in walnuts lower
the risk of developing both
cardiovascular disease and coronary
heart disease plus they have a natural
chemical called Klose Ferrol which is
highly effective at minimizing symptoms
associated with age-related disorders
and protecting men from prostate cancer
according to dr. Joe Vinson a chemistry
professor at the University of Scranton
just seven walnuts a day can bring you
all of their potential health benefits
so eat up sunflower seeds sunflower
seeds contain sulfur rich proteins that
are proven to be extremely good for your
muscle and bone tissue according to
researchers in the department of botany
at the PMA as arid agriculture
University sunflower seeds effectively
prevent bronchial and lung infections
because of their antioxidant
antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory
properties if you want to get in on all
these health boosting benefits just make
it a habit to consume one ounce of
sunflower seeds every single day
[Music]
pistachios compared to other nuts
pistachios contain a lot less fat in
calories but the most interesting part
is that they have the highest level of
unsaturated fatty acids potassium and
carotenoids these chemicals basically
provide antioxidant and
anti-inflammatory effects experts at
nutrition science solutions also confirm
that snacking on pistachios can help you
feel full longer which makes them great
for weight control most studies have
shown that it's best to consume 1.5 to 3
ounces about one or two handfuls of
pistachios per day to let all these
amazing properties work their magic on
your system
[Music]
cashews first off cashews are full of
iron which is a must-have to prevent
anemia plus they can really help
diabetics stabilize their blood sugar
levels and the advantage is just keep on
coming the phosphorus and thiamine
contained in cashews will help you get
through the workday a lot easier since
they both keep energy levels up and
finally the anti-inflammatory effect of
these nuts strengthens the immune system
and protects the body from the flu virus
all this seems too good to be true
doesn't it well just take it from weight
management expert dr. gargy Sharma who
says that eating just four to five
cashews a day will give you visible
results within a couple weeks hazelnuts
hazelnuts are a big favorite for a lot
of people and their amazing health
benefits will make you fall in love with
them even more researchers in the
Department of nutritional sciences at
the University of Connecticut have
proven that the abundance of vitamin B
contained in hazelnuts helps make bones
and muscles stronger and gives the
immune system a welcomed boost your
circulatory system also gets its dose of
treatment since the organic acids of
these nuts block cholesterol levels from
increasing in the blood this as you may
know by now prevents cardiovascular
disease all you've got to do is eat 20
per day and the hazelnuts will do the
rest themselves peanuts
peanuts are definitely one of the most
popular items on our list and it's no
surprise since they contain tons of
important elements for example the
polyphenol protects the cells of the
body from harmful free radicals helping
us stay young longer linoleic acid in
its turn brings high cholesterol down
and prevents sclerosis you can get the
most out of peanuts if you make them
part of a nutritionally balanced diet
according to the Institute of chemical
technology peanuts subdue hunger for a
while so as a between-meal snack they'll
help you eat less so you can bid
farewell to all those extra pounds
Brazil nuts
thanks to their large amounts of fiber
and the cleaning effect they have on the
intestines Brazil nuts significantly
improve digestion at least according to
the Department of nutritional sciences
at the University of Connecticut they
also contain something called selenium
which plays a huge role in producing the
cells that make up the immune system the
unsaturated fats found in Brazil nuts
decreased blood sugar levels
dramatically protecting the body from
diabetes and atherosclerosis so if
you're already interested all you'll
need is two nuts a day according to the
American Journal of Clinical Nutrition
[Music]
pecans
the cons are pretty calorie but it's not
as bad as you might think because all
these calories provide us with lots of
energy the vitamin E and pecans serves
to protect the body from the harmful
effects of environmental factors like
solar radiation and let's not forget
about vitamin B which pecans contain in
large amounts as well your hair skin and
nails can't get enough of that stuff the
chemical composition of this nut not
only regulates testosterone levels in
men it's also really good for women's
health too that's why adding more pecans
to your diet will surely put you on the
road to better health chia seeds last
but certainly not least tiny little chia
seeds pack a big health boosting punch
their omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids
work wonders on the heart and blood
vessels lowering cholesterol and
preventing clots from forming another
component in chia seeds vitamin B to be
precise helps clear up and prevent skin
problems don't forget that these seeds
are especially good for women
particularly during menopause studies
estimate that reasonable amounts of chia
seeds to consume is about one ounce per
day to put it in a nutshell no matter
which type of nuts or seeds you choose
from this list you'll definitely see
positive changes in your body just
remember that as always moderation is
key here since most nuts and seeds have
a lot of calories so be sure to stay
within the daily limit which is no more
than an ounce for any nut or seed so
which one of these nuts and seeds is
your favorite tell us in the comments
below don't forget to click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]